hypocrisy has always been very
progressive but there's so much of it
flying around right now you almost feel
as if you need a progressive proof vest
it's easy to criticize at a distance but
none of the people currently protesting
against Israel would behave any
differently in the same circumstances
and many of them would behave a hell of
a lot worse which is why the selective
outrage we've been seeing is so truly
nauseating where were all you
progressive humanitarians when Assad was
butchering thousands in Syria or Bashir
in Sudan where were the angry mass
demonstrations for those people offer
the victims of the butchery in Nigeria
or for the thousands murdered in Iraq
just recently lined up facedown in
ditches by the hundred and executed in
cold blood where were you people then a
few hashtags on Twitter and then
tumbleweed but the Jews of Israel
finally respond to being constantly
attacked by Islamic terrorists and the
world goes insane people fill the
streets and start talking about war
crimes whom we all know that Hamas
commits genuine war crimes every single
day and nobody gives a damn progressive
journalists focus exclusively on on
children tragically killed but because
Hamas are using them as human shields
blaming Israel of course but if these
fearless truth seekers were really
concerned about the children of Gaza
they would also tell us that Hamas this
terror tunnels were built using child
labor and that hundreds died
progressives love to tell us that
Palestine must be free when they know
full well that the thugs of Hamas are
not fighting for freedom in fighting
against it anyone in Gaza who dares to
protest against the destruction that
Hamas is bringing down on their heads is
executed as more than 30 people have
already been during this conflict that's
how free they are the only part of the
Middle East where anyone is free is
Israel the only civilized country in the
region where Jews and Arabs are free to
go about their business and to worship
any way they choose both can and do
serve in the Army in Parliament and in
the Supreme Court because Israel is a
free country with equal rights
for everyone the rest of the region is
dominated by Arab Muslim culture a
deeply negative racist and misogynistic
culture that's anything but free
whatever glorious history it might once
have had is long gone and now it's
nothing but a self-pitying burden on
humanity and a bloody nuisance to the
civilized world Jews are a tiny
percentage of the middle eastern
population and they have a tiny sliver
of land that they would have been
perfectly happy with if they hadn't been
repeatedly attacked by several Arab
armies at once openly committed to
genocide and I do mean actual genocide
as opposed to the fantasy genocide like
the fantasy apartheid that you
progressive BDS hypocrites love to
prattle about when they were attacked
the Jews surprised the world by giving
the Arabs they're kicking they deserved
and a lot of Arabs found themselves
displaced but not from any land that was
ever called Palestine and the land
itself belonged to no country so it is
not occupied it is disputed furthermore
most of the Arabs who left the West Bank
were not driven from their homes at all
they left of their own accord when they
were promised by the invading Arab
armies that they could return safely
when all their Jewish neighbors had been
killed well it didn't quite work out
that way of course and now their
descendants are still living in refugee
camps in Arab countries in a state of
genuine enforced apartheid where they're
not allowed to integrate to work to
receive medical treatment because the
Arabs who could quite easily alleviate
their suffering prefer instead to
exploit it as a permanent political
weapon as we've seen in Gaza with the
use of human shields they care so little
about their own people that they are
literally disposable on the other hand
what we never hear about are the
hundreds of thousands of Jews who have
forcibly expelled from Arab countries
because they were quickly assimilated by
Israel a civilized country which is why
they are not still living in refugee
camps but what about their land that was
stolen and what about their
right of return but let's say that
Israel forgets all about this and
forgets about the constant genocidal
attacks from the past and the constant
bloodthirsty jew-hating rhetoric of the
present you know for the sake of peace
and or and agrees to go back to the
nineteen sixty-seven borders which by
the way are now physically impossible to
defend against modern weaponry how do
they prevent the Arabs from attacking
them yet again any suggestions take them
at their word when they say they want
well that would be very progressive
suicidally so in fact and everyone knows
it yet it seems to me that this is
precisely what so many progressive
people actually want to see they want to
see the Jews of Israel agree to a
position where it's impossible to defend
themselves and trust the Arabs to let
them live in peace anyone who seriously
believes that that is a realistic
scenario is so deluded they should be on
medication arab muslims have never let
anyone live in peace and they're not
about to start with jews as they have
repeatedly made clear to anyone who will
listen which doesn't appear to include
anyone in the resolutely biased Western
media who carefully miss informed the
progressive consensus to keep it
ignorant and rabidly anti-israel
consequently progressive opinion will
never be happy until Israel surrenders
and allows its people to be murdered for
peace open the borders and give free
access to terrorist fighters and suicide
bombers after all they have human rights
too well somehow I don't think is going
to happen that way but whatever does
emerge from this conflict one thing is
already crystal clear that any future
humanitarian aid to Gaza will be used to
rebuild the tunnels and to rearm Hamas
who will then attack Israel yet again
without any regard whatsoever for the
welfare of their own people so check
books out or you progressive Western
bleeding hearts because we all know
that's what you really want because then
you can go through the same
self-righteous pantomime all over again
and wallow once more in your criminally
biased selective moralizing from a
suitably safe distance